# Deus Vult Theme 
# by Juanjo Salvador
# Personal website 	http://juanjosalvador.es		
#
# Element		           Color 1	Color 2

background		       = default	default
frame			           = white		default
window_title	       = white		default
directory		         = white		default	bold
selected_directory	 = white		red	bold
playlist		         = white		red	bold
selected_playlist	   = white		red	bold
file			           = white		default
selected_file		     = red		  default
marked_file		       = red	  	default	bold
marked_selected_file = red		  default	bold
info			           = red		  default	bold
status			         = white		default
title			           = white		default	bold
state			           = white		default	bold
current_time		     = white		default	bold
time_left		         = white		default	bold
total_time		       = white		default	bold
time_total_frames	   = white		default
sound_parameters	   = white		default	bold
legend			         = white		default
disabled		         = red		  default	bold
enabled			         = white		default	bold
empty_mixer_bar		   = white		default
filled_mixer_bar	   = black		default
empty_time_bar		   = white		default
filled_time_bar		   = black		default
entry			           = white		default
entry_title		       = black		default
error			           = red		  default	bold
message			         = red		  default	bold
plist_time		       = white		default	bold
